THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1905,
ALEXANDRIA HORSE SHOW.
AN UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS.
What was practically the first Horse Show over held at Alexandria took place on Saturday last, under the auspices of the Trotter Egyptien, at the ex-Velodrome, Rond Point. That the show would be a success was certain from the large number of entries which bad been received, but the actual results of their laudable efforts exceeded all the expectations of the committee. To the members of the : ttter we tender-our hearty congratulations.
onsideripg the fact that this was the first attempt of the kind at Alexandria, and the very short time taken in organisation, besides he advanced date in. the season, they have •very reason to be gratified. Something like jC 100 was taken as gate money pn Saturday, ' ind it was plainly evident that the show was a popular fixture, which will no doubt become an annual one.
Among those present on the grounds we noticed H. H. Prince Omar Toussoun, Thur-neyssen Pasha, Comte de Vauvineux, Baron and Bironess_ von Humboldt-Dachroeden, Barons A., and E. de Menasce, CoL Lewis, Lieut. -Col. Lucas, Miralai Hopkinson Bey, Capt. Gillson, Izzet Pasha, Ibrahim Bey (. herif, Mr. A. E. Benachi, Mr. A. S. Preston, Mr. and Mrs. R. Lang Anderson, Mr. Henry Barker, Mr. A. J. Miehaelides, Mr. A. Sursock, etc.
The “concoure” began at 9.30 aon. and were continued almost without intermission up to seven in the evading. In Class I., for thoroughbred stallions, H.H. Prince Mohamed Ibrahim showed Fra Antonio, a very fine made animal, which was the only one shewn, but would no doubt have beaten all comers. The winner of Class 3, Mr. A. J. Miehaelides’ mare Actis, was a perfect chestnut, half Eoglish and half Aral* ; Mr. E. Karam's Berg^re, who was second, appeared to be lacking in good points. In Class 2. Priuce Omar Toussoun took first prize with Si^ltau, a fine bay. Mr. Sursock’s Bright night have carried off first prize in this class, had it not been for the unsoundneas d his hocks. In Class 4, Mr. Miehaelides’ Actis was again an easy lirst. Prince Omar Toussoun bjok first prize in class 5 with Mouftakhar, a tine big upstanding C.B. who is not unknown ■. a liio race course. There was some difference of opinion among the public as to who should be iirst m^Class 21, but Lampowas indubitably a truer trotter than his rival Nelly Lafne. Espoir, a swift goer, who is the best trotting horse in Egypt, of course took first place in Class 22. Mr. C. W. Hemp fully deserved first in the polo pony class toith his Grand Slam, a pony which is very quick in his movements and turning to a polo ball, and was far ahead of the other exhibits. Class 23 was for Arab police horses, and the six which showed were as good looking and well turned out as could be. It was a matter of difficulty for the judges to choose the best, but ultimately the prize went to ShawishUoma. Theblueribbon in Class 19 would probably have gone to Mr. Amato had that gentleman’s horse not been a trained trotter. As it was, judged on its individual merits, Mr. A. Sursock’s horse secured the honors. In Class 19, for European horses in single harness, Mr. A. E. Benachi’s No. 13 was much fancied by the judges for his manners and paces, though opinion on the other side of the fence leaned towards Mr. Benachi’s other horse, No. 12. In Class 12, the winners, Mr. C. Tamvaco’s pair, were undoubtedly the best of their class, but they would have made a better appearance, we think, without bearing rein$ as then they could have carried themselves more naturally. In Claae 8, for heavy weights, we were pleased to see the blue ribbon go to Thurneyssen Pasha, while for light weights Mr. A. E. Benachi’H Shellal, the well known old racer, was the first among a hue selection, and seemed in the pink of condition, being well ridden by Mr. J. Taylor. There was a poor turn-out of tandems, only two exhibits coming forward, of which Mr. Lian’s was the beat. The obstacle jump could not be classed as an unqualified success, the only horse that distinguished himself being Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Saclawy. In this event, unfortunately, Thurneyssen Pasha, who was third with Azlan, met with a rather -nasty spill, his horse fouling the water jump. The Pasha fell on his head and sustained slight injuries, which, however, did not prevent him from winning the tirat prize in the subsequent high jump with the same horse. Master Zervu-flachi’s turn-out in Class 10, for poniea of 12£ hands, was a pretty one, and we should have liked to have seen more of the same thing. There were four entries, for the four-in-hand class, but as Ibrahim Bey Cherif did not come on the ground until too late with what was undoubtedly the best $nrn-out, the prize went to Mr. Amato, who caused some comment by turning up with a team selected from different ^tables. In the Arab Hack clasa the winner, l aroos, a well made pony, waa splendidly ridden by Mrs. Kelham. There was some difference of opinion as to which horse should get third prize, but Miss Allen’s Marool was chosen ultimately on his manners. Ihe Governess Cars claw only produced one exhibit, namely that of Mr. C. Zervu-uachi. Ihis might have been made a very pretty event with more entries. Class 11 was very satisfactory and brought out no lesa than 15 pairs, the turn-out being remarkably fine.
'1 <ie entries were all of them good,but there waa no doubt that Mr. A. E. Benachi’s pair was superior to the others. They ahowed good-training and were*well handled. Saleh Bey Aboue-bach's pair,which took second prize,were a very hne pair but had only one pace. Baron A. de Menasce’a pair, which were equal second, want ed a little more training although they were well matched. Thia waa the laat olaaa, and at the conclusion there waa a march past of all £ho winners. Thua a very aucoeaaful and enjoy-
able meeting, whioh was enlivened by aelectiona by the Bellini Band, waa brought to a cloae.
The judging, we believe, gave every aatiB-faction, no favoritism whatever having been shown. The judges were : Prinoe Omar Tous-80un, Prince Mohamed Ibrahim, Haasan Paaha Mohsen, Khalil Paaha Khayat, Isaac Bey Hussein, Ibrahim Bey Cherif, Hussein Bey Sioufi, Ahmed Bey Bakri, Thnrneyssen Paaha, Comte de Vauvineux, Miralai H. Hopkinson Bey} Baron A. de Menasce, Mr.vA. S. Pre8ton, Lt. Col. Lucaa, Capt. Gillson, Mr. F. C. Hasel-den, Mr. H. Barker, Mr. J. P. Rodocanachi, Mr.E. Karam, and Mr. John Sinadino. The cleik of the course, Mr. J. Taylor, who was assisted by Mr. Ch. della Marra, rendered yeoman’s service, •'and much of the success of the meeting is due to him. The stewards, also, deserve considerable credit for their share in the success. They were : Baron Emile de Me-naace, Mr. Leon Aghion, Mr. J. Vlaato, Mr. Angelo Bolonachi, and Mr. A. Miehaelides.
A lunch was served on the grounds at noon, over 100 persons sitting down to it.
The following is a list of the prize winners:— Class 1. Thoroughbred Stallions, not Arab. —if Prince Mohamad Ibrahim’s Fra Antonio.
Class 3. Mares, not Arab.—1. Mr. A. J. Miehaelides’ Actis;	2.	Mr.	E.	Karam’s
Berg&re.
Class 2. Arab Stallions.—1. Prinoe Omar Tousaoun’a Sultan ; 2. Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Mansour ; 3. Mr. N. Sursock’s Bright.
Class 4. Arab and C.B. Marea.— 1. Mr. A. J. Miohaelidea’ Actia ; 2. Mr. Leon Aghion’a Lady White ; 3. Mr. Pilavachi’a Lady Gray.
Class 5. Country Breda. — 1. Prinoe Omar Touaaoun’a Mouftakhar; 2. Mr. Chini’a B4b6.
Class 21. European Trotting Horees.-^ 1. Ibrahim Bey Cherit’8 Lampo ; 2. Omar Bey Sultan’a Nelly Larne ; 3. Huaaein Bey Sioufi’a Naghib.
Class 22. Arab and C.B. Trotting Horses.— 1. Saleh Bey Cherifs Espoir ; 2. Mr. Antonio Amato’s Rapide.
Class iST'^Polo Ponies. — 1. Mr. C. W. Hemp’s Grand Slam ; 2. Mr. J. R. Basset’s The Nipper ; 3. Mr. C. Bartlett’s Roy.
Class 23. Arab Police Horses.—1. Shawish Goma’s mount Class 19. Arab and C.B. Horses, in single harneaa. — l. Mr. Albert Sursock; 2. Mr. S. Wilkinson ; 3. Mr. X. Constantinides.
Class 18. European Hotsea in single harness. —1. Mr. E. A. Benachi ; 2. Mr. X. Conatan-tinidea ; 3. Mr. N. Sursock ; highly commended, Mr. G. Lian and Sobhi Bey Erphan.
Class 12. Arab and C. B. Horses in paire.—
1.	Mr. C. Tamvaco ; 2. Mr. Albert Sursock ; 3. Mr. Leon Aghion.
Class 8. Arab Saddle Horses. — (Light weights). 1. Mr. E. A. Benachi’s Shellal; 2. Mr. Giglio’a Boy; 3. Mr. Kelham’s Farooa. (Heavy Weights). 1. Thurneyssen Pasha’s Taib;
2.	Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Mansour ; 3. Prince Omar Toussoun’s Gazal.
Class 16. Tandems.—1. Mr. George Lian ; 2. Mr. Chini.
Class 9. Obstacle Jumps for all Horses.—
1.	Ibrahim Bey Cherif’s Saclawy*; 2. Mr. Waller’s Shirky ; 3. Thurneyssen Pasha’s Azlan.
Class 10. Ponies of 12 ^ hands and under in single hamesa.—1. Mr. J. Chini’a B^W;
2.	Mr. C. Zervudachi’s Zariffa.
Class 17. Four-in-Handa.—1. Mr. Antoine Amato ; 2. Baron Alfred de Menasce ; 3. Sobhi Bey Erphan.
Class 13. Arab Hacks ridden by Ladies.—
1. Mrs. Kelham’s Faroos ; 2. Miss E. Allen’s Tourgar; equal third, Mr. Hemp’s Grand Slam (ridden by Mrs. Timmins) and Miss A. Alien’s Maroof.
Class 15. High Jump. — 1. Thurneyssen Paaha’a Azlan ; 2.. Ibrahim Bey Cherii’a Sac-olawy ; 3. Mr. Waller’8 Shirky.
Class 20. Governess Care.—1. Mr. C. Zervu-dachi.
Class 11. European Horaea driven in paire.—
1. Mr. E. A. Benachi; 2. Saleh Bey Abouabach and Baron A. de Menasce ; 3. Mr. X. Constantinides and Mr. G. L. Suraock.
A. S. C. GYMKHANA.
We underetand that a gymkhana will be held on the A.S.C. grounds on the 24th inst, full particulars of which will appear in due oouree.
SECRET OF RUSSIAN REVERSES.
In our- opinion, aaya the “Comhill” for June, the real secret of the Russian reverses—and if we are right it is one that leaves no hope for the future—lies in their inferior organisation, the absence in any considerable degree of the capacity for combined action on the part of the higher commanders, and, above all, in the fact that their infantry, individually and collectively, are inferior to their opponents in battle. The larger the armies which are employed, the more diffioult does clear insight into the diapoaitions of the enemy beoome, the greater growa the proportion of eventa which muat be controlled by local commanders, and the more vital the need of intelligent oo-operation. But even the po8aeaaion of these qualities is by itself insufficient to secure victory.
It ia impoaaible for any commander to control theae vast seas of combat of which the fluctuationa, indefiniteneaa, and extent preaent problema of a atrategio rather than of a tactical nature, if he remaina on the defenaive. He will do well to abandon Ruaaian formalism, to throw aaide all idea8 of a central reaerve— which, as at Mukden, may arrive too late and too exhausted for attack or for defence—and by an unshrinking offenaive to endeavour to upset hia opponent’a combinations and force him to conform to his own.
The atrategio defenaive has long been condemned by all aohoola of military opinion; it would seem that the taotioal defensive, as it oomea to approximate more and more to the properties of the atntegio, ia limikriy doom*!,
(OTTON PLANTERS AND SPINNERS.
SUGGESTED PRICE CONVENTION,
"The Manchester Guardiajn” says : — "In view of the approaching International Cotton Congress in Mancheater the attention of thoughtful people engaged in the trade ia being turned to the practical possibilities of common action for the oommon good. The questions of the supply and prioe of the raw material are naturally the first to engage attention, for the most acute troubles of the trade have been due to short supplies of the raw material and to violent fluctuations in its price resulting from apeoulative manipulation.
Our Mancheater contemporary reproduoes a draft agreement between apinnere and growers tor the regulation of ootton prices whioh was drawn up by a well-known English spinner and has already been under the consideration of the Convention of American Cotton-growere whioh met at New Orleans last January. The prioe of middling American ootton in Liverpool when the Convention met at New Orleans on January 21 was 3|cL per lb. Within three weeks the prioe was raised to 4fd., and this has been the average prioe ever since, with an average weekly fluctuation of only three thirty-seoonds of a penny. It is not unreasonable to suppose that the Cotton-growers’ Convention was the means of effecting the ohange. It, then, the ootton-growers have this year, by ooncerted action in abstaining from selling, saved themselves from a disastrous collapse of prices, just as last year the English Master Spinners’ Federation, by; concerted action in abstaining from buying, saved themselves from a threatened oomer.itmay pertinently be asked whether the two organisations— the International Spinners’ Committee on the one hand and the Southern Cotton-growere’ Convention on the other hand—might not join in making a treaty to conserve the legitimate interests of both.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.
•Vs do not bold outmItm responsible lor thn niilnlmn ni.n wiiil by oar correspondent*, bat we wish, in • spirit at (air pl*> to All, to permit — wfthln oert
PIGEON SHOOTING.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—The amount of twaddle talked by your various correspondents on the subject of pigeon shooting at the Alexandria Sporting Club is extraordinary. For example, ‘ British Pigeon’ bases his (or her) argument on the grounda that no game or pastime diataateful to some of the members of the club should be introduced into the A.S.C. Therefore a small, olique of members may block the. introduction of any game or pastime, however much the rest of the club may be in favor of it. The non-Engliah members of the club are the m^in supporters of the olub financially and there would be no racea at all but for them, while the English on the other hand have a far greater share in the benefits of the club,—in regard to polo, for example,—in proportion to what they pay towards the club,as it is obvious that the polo players have a larger share of the club Allotted to them than they should have compared with the limited number who play. Mother of the arguments advanced by “British Pigeon” ia that pigeon-shooting is disapproved -of by their Queen 1 Can we therefore be per-nlitted to have bull fights at the A.S.C., for Edward VII. approves of that form <jf “sport,”, as he attended such a spectacle when in Lisbon not long ago ! Edward VII. when in Paris goes to the races on Sunday. I presume therefore that ia an absolutely valid reason to the mind of “Britiah Pigeon” for the A.S.C. to hold races on the Day of Reat ! Because any Sovereigu (or his consort) to whom the many subjects of various European nations, members of the A.S.C., owe allegiance, approve or disapprove of any Bport or pastime, is it a valid argument that their taatea should be oonsulted in the matter at all ? “British Pigeon” on this line of argument would, I presume, be perfectly willing to allow any Spaniards, if members of the A.S.C., to indulge in pigeon shooting there because it is the favorite sport of the King of Spain ! If it is such a wicked pastime why waa it in vogue at Hurlingham up to only a few daya agol All the arguments are nonsense, and if the English members of the A.S.C. object let them leave the olub and form one of their own. - I am, etc.,	“PnANAR.”
Alexandria, Juqe 4.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—It does one good to see the noble stand that the Alexandriana are making against pigeon-ahooting. I have read the strong pro-teata that have been appearing day by day >f late in the “Egyptian Gazette” againat thia barbarous project and it is pleasant to know that the European oolonies at Alexandria ■lumber so many earnest members, ever ready to fight the good fight Would that we had many auch atalwarta in Cairo ! But now that the campaign has begun it ought not to be flowed to be confined merely to pigeon shoot ing. getting is a far greater evil in my opinion, and one of the moat pleasing reforms needed in the Khedivial and Alexandria Sporting Clubs is the extermination of the parimutuel. We all know the terriblo lengths to which betting on races goes on in England, Wt here it is worse, for by the pari-mutuel the vice is recognised and systematised in a way it never ia at home. I do not go ao far aa to Bay that raoing ia bad in itself; but if it cannot be carried on without betting it ought to be atopped. Will not the English members of the Alexandria Sporting Club lead the way}
Foblic opinion in that city seems to be in a far healthier and) robosfer state than it is here. Why then should you not set an example to the Spotting Clob at Cairo, whioh I am sure will be obliged to follow the example of Alexandria, if it is given the neoeaiary lead ? We pay &r too much attention to mere material reforms, for what is the use of irrigation or sound finance, if the soul ia allowed to wither? I am, eto.,	“Vigilans.”
Cairo, June 4.
PUMPS IN EGYI^T.
To The Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—We had not intended to trouble you with any further communication upon this subjeot but the letter you published in your ia8ue of the 3rd inat from Mr. John Gwynne calla for a few lines in reply. Permit us to point out that Mr. Gwynne has completely misunderstood our letter in your issue ot 8th May. The objeot of this letter was to oonfirm from our own experience (extending over 40 years in this oountry) the statements of the “Times" correspondent that Continental-made pumps had been ooming more and more into favor in this oountry until two or three years ago. This we repeat to be a fact in spite of all statements to the contrary. Our objeot in mentioning that we had in past years represented Messrs. J. & H. Gwynne and Messrs. Gwynne & Co. and others was with the view of showing that we had had considerable experience in the matter under disousaion. We do not imagine the oironmstanoes whioh led to our discontinuing business relations with these two firms are of the smallest interest to the public, though our recollection of them differs entirely from that mentioned in Mr. Gwynne’s letter. Neither do we propose to allude further to the origin of our own business connection with Egypt, beyond stating that the date oommenced waa 1864 and not 1868. Theae detaila, though intereating to ourselves, have nothing to do with the question under discussion. There is one point, however, upon which Mr. Gwynne is apparently labouring under a misapprehension; he more than once alludes to “our principala,” evidently meaning thereby the firms from whom we purchase our machinery. Our firm purchases such maohinery a8 fixed engines and pumps from any makers it pleases, and buys what from its own experience it considers best suited to the requirements of this oountry. We are free to purchase pumps from any British or Continental maker who i8 willing to aell them to ua as we may desire.
Returning now to the actual circumstances that gave rise to this correspondence, we may say that we have frequently in the past supplied machinery for driving pumps made by Continental firms. We have ourselves imported auch pumps and have aome in stock at thia moment. * We have had probably a larger experience in centrifugal pumps tlmn any firm in thia country, having sold aome thousands in the last 40 years. Messrs. Ruston Prootor & Co., Limited, being anxious to seoure as large a share of our busineaa as poaaible, agreed to design a pump that ahould at all events equal anything the best Continental makers could, offer us. We apeak of things as we find them, and hold no brief for any special maker, but when we found a firm who was willing to spend hundreds of poundd in testa and experiments in the endeavour to meet our requirements we naturally considered auch enterprise worth mentioning. It is so frequently advanced that Britiah makere will not improve their manufactures, nftr adapt them to the apeoial requirements of their customers, that thia exoeption wa8 the more noteworthy.	«
Messrs. Ruston Proctor and Co. Limited’s Helical” pump is not, as your correspondent appears to infer, an exact copy of any particular pump, but a pump designed on and embodying the beat points of all the pumps, both British and foreign, that they tested. These tests, we are informed, revealed aome moat extraordinary facts ; thua one maker’a pump of a certain aize gave the poor result of 45 % only. Each teat waa repeated many times to eliminate, aa far aa possible, all ohanoe of error. With their own pump Messrs. Rnston altered and realtered their patterns until they had got each size to give approximately the same modulous.
We must leave the Continental makers to reply or not .as they should think fit, to your correspondent’s oharge of having copied hia manufactures.
As regards mechanioal efficiency we can only repeat and confirm what we stated in our letter of May 8th., viz., that the testa, to whioh we alluded, of the Continental pumps in Borne cases revealed an effioienoy “much in excess of what Britiah makers are as a rule disposed to gnarantee.”We are quite aware that the maximum mechanical effioienoy of a pump is obtained only on given conditions.
In conclusion, if we are to be blamed for learning from our opponents and endeavouring to move with the times, then we have “sinned indeed”, but as a set-off we can feel that we can procure from Messrs. Ruston Prootor & Co., Limited, a pump far superior to any we have sold before and which is giving complete satisfaction to our oustomere. We have no intention of impugning the veracity of Mr. Gwynne’s statements as to the performance of hia manufactures, and as regards the proposal in the laat paragraph but one o( hia letter, we can only say that such a comparison as he suggests is a practical impossibility which we have neither the time nor the opportunity to attempt.— Yours faithfully,
For Allen, Aldehson & Company, Limited.
F. Allen, Director.
Alexandria, June 5.
IRAND HOTEL BONNARD,
AL1Z4MDBIA.
•«. PER PAY. WINK INCLUDED*
pvt ttff V
Cheap Prepaid Advertisements
Under this heading advertisements are inserted at the following rates :—
ONCE 8 TIMES 6 TIMES
15 words	.	.	.	P.T.	6	P.T.	10	P.T.	15
80 words	*	*	•	-	m	8	„	16	,,	24
Every 10	words,	\	9	±	a
beyond 80.	.	.	j	”	2	”	4	”	6
The address is oouirted. The advertisement must appear on oonseoutave days for above rates to be obtained. 50% extra is oharged for advertisements not appearing oonseoutively.
| All sueh advertisements must be prepaid, and to this role no exception whatever will ,	he made. Utters In	reply to advertise-
,	fflents will be posted	to	any address if a
few stamps are sent	by	the advertiser to
t	eover postage.
A PLEASANTLY Bitjiated Rngliah Flat in Greek Quarter to beAet for summer months, i Fumiahed ; electric light; bath, eto. Apply, “Hampahire,” o/o “Egyptian Gazette.” ______________________________________26054-6-5
A RABIC LESSONS given by an Egyptian • ** tutor to Europeans. Apply MTcnefik, “Egyptian Gazette” offices.	25888-
DILUARD TABLE (English) for sale, with -L' all aooeasories, in perleot condition. Apply No. 26,064, “Egyptian Gazette” ofiloeS.
\	26064-6-3
T) LICK TYPEWRITERS, No. 5 £9, No. 7 £11. W.T. Bmmeng, 99 Rue Attarine, Alexandria, Addreea, Poat Office Box 85.
80-6-905A
---------------------------\------------------
DEMOISELLE, tres bonne famille, bons oerti-^ ficats, meilleurea references, desire engagement comme dame de oompagnie, oompagne de voyage ou inatitutrioe. Pour plus d inTor-mationa, a’adresser; F. P. Bolte poat No. 567, Alexandrie. 	26075-6a-1
’C'NGLISH LADY seeks situation as Daily ■“ Governess—Lessons and conversation. Address, No. 26,041 “Egyptian Gazette”.
26041-6-5
T^NGLISHMAN, long experience in- Egypt, de8ire8 poaition of truat; speaks French, Italian, and Arabic; thoroughly acquainted with commercial routine; highest references ; guarantee if required. Address, No. 26,044 “Egyptian Gazette.”'	26044-6-6
BURNISHED HOUSE to let, lbrahimieh, -L near aea ; immediate entry ; moderate rent Apply, No. 26,068i “Egyptian Gazette.” 26068-6-2
-----1--------------------------------------
BURNISHED HOUSE, in healthy, open, situation at Zeitoun, to let from mid-June for the summer. Apply to A. H. Williams, Zeitoun, Cairo.	/	26046-6-6
MOUNTAIN CAMP, for boys during summer holidays. Apply, Perdval Mayall, B.A., Headmaster, English School, Cyprus.
25921-48-25
■Af^ILCART FOR SALE CHEAP. What ^ offers? No. 26,065, “Egyptian Gazette.” 26065-3-2
rpHE SUDAN GOVERNMENT RAILWAYS J- require 2 experienced Bbglish-Arabio olerks accustomed to keep aooounts, and one English-Arabio Storeman. Apply, Agent Sudan Government Railways, 4 Cleopatra street, Alexandria.
26069-3-2
rpHE HUTCHINSON NURSING HOME i in Sharia el Falaki, Cairo, is now oom-pleted and open for the reception of patients. Further particulars, terms, eta, oan be obtained from the Resident Medical Offioer.
25992. $A-8
rpO LET.— Halte I, Ramleh, 8 i months, 1 about end June, Furnished House; 9 rooms, kitohen, &o., overlooking sea. No. 26,056, “Egyptian Gazette.”	S6056-6-4
WO LET, at lbrahimieh (Ramleh^ 5 minutes -L from the station, for the summer season, a Fumiahed House of 7 rooms and a large garden in good oondition. Special terms for English families. Apply, No. 25,082, “Egyptian Gazette” office*.	26048 6-5
rLET. lbrahimieh, 4Julv-Ootober, Furnished Hous* mx rooms sub-basement; garden; beat poujw. , facing main road, near tram atation. C x>d terms Apply, No. 26,062, “Egyptiar Jasette” offioea.	26062-6-3
■
TIT ANT .1 ID TO BUY used Sudan postage "» atan.p*, also 0. 8. G. S. and Army official. Pricea on application to E. A., Box 873, Cairo.
26060-6-4
VOUNG ENGLISH LADY, fluent oonverea-J- tionaliat would like engagement *Jau pair” , i 1 refined German family, Alexandria or vicinity, for summer months. Excellent references j given and demanded. Address, No. 26,076, “Egyptian Gazette.”	26076-3-1	^
.	1
The American Manufacturers Agency1
wishes to advise having received a fresh oon- , signment of Roll-top Desks, Morris Chairs, Sewing Machines, cartridges, Typewriters and , various other Amerioan goods. Rue de l’An- | oienne Bourse.	25878-2-5 906
British Chamber ofCommerox.—We would call the attention of persons interested in , Egyptian trade to the work of the British j Chamber of Commerce of Egypt whose office in Alexandria gives information as to standings J trade, &a, to its members, and whoee monthly [publication reviews onr oommeroe. TV subscription is £1 and all British traders should !,beoome members. Onr London office, M, New ‘ [Broad- street RC., acts aa London agency to! Itfcl Obanbfr, y	j
& Co.
GontinentalHotelBuildings,
CAIRO,	/
St. David's Buildings.
ALEXANDRIA,
and 35-37 Noble Street
LONDON. E.O.
■ # English Tailors Drapers aDd Outfitters.
Beg respectfully to an* nounce that they have received their various stocks in the latest styles suitable for the present Season.
6I0TBK
A large assortment of Blacks, Blues, Scotch, Irish & Harris Tweeds. All garments cut by experienced English Cutters, fit and style guaranteed.
A varied stock of , Ladies’ Blouses, Boas, Skirts, Belts, &c.
Careful attention is m	"	r	■
1 paid to Ladies'outfits
writable for Tours up
live
GENTS’ OUTFITTING:
Thelatest novelties inTies,
| Collars, Shirts, Gloves, 1c. Hosiery in all the newest makes, (Camel Hair brand a speciality).
We are also making a epeeia^display in the Drapery Department, consisting of Household Linen, Blankets, Calicoes, Eider-down Quilts, Cushions,&o.,&o., whioh are marked at such figures as to oommand attention.
Boots & Shoes in the latest shapes, Bags, Trunks & all Leather goods in great variety.
Also a large assorted aupply*krofk the following articles
HATS, CAPS, UMBRELLAS WALKING-STICKS, RUQS, STUDS, BRUSHES AND ALL TOILET RE0JJI8ITE8, AC.
Davies Bryan & Co. -
Cairo ft Alexandria,
/