THE  EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1905.

THE DAWN OF PEACE.
OVERTURES AT WASHINGTON. PROSPECTS HOPEFUL.
Washington, June 5. The Italian Ambassador, after a prolonged conference with Count Cassini on Saturday, conferred with President Roosevelt. The Japanese Minister Takashira was then summoned New York and had a' prolonged interview with President Roosevelt in the evening.
M. Takahira afterwards stated that no progress could be made until communication had been received from St. Petersburg.
London, June 5.
According to the “Standard, ’ it is the opinion of the American Ambassador at St. Petersburg that it is not likely that the above, mentioned communications will be made for a fortnight, until the excitement has subsided, but it is his personal opinion that the prospects are hopeful.
(Reuter.)
RUSSIAN SQUADRON SIGHTED.
Hong Kong, June 5.
One ship of the Russian volunteer squadron, 2 torpedo-boats, one cruiser, and several transports have been sighted 240 miles south-eastwards of  here.	(Reuter)
DISARMING SHIPS AT MANILA.
Manila, June 5.
Admiral Enquist asked permission to repair here. The American authorities report that the ‘ Oleg will require 60 days, the ‘Aurora” ;. 30, and the “Jemtchug" 7. Admiral Enquist says that he left the scene of battle on Saturday night and did not know that it continued on Sunday.	( Reuter. )
Washington, June 5.
The United States have ordered the immediate disarming of the Russian warships at Manila.	(Reuter.)
APPOINTMENT FOR GEN. TREPOFF.
St. Petersburg, June 5.
General Trepoff has been appointed assistant Minister of the Interior and head of the Police and Gendarmerie with extensive powers throughout the Empire. He retains the Governor Generalship of St. Petersburg. (Reuter.)
IMPORTANT RUSSIAN RESIGNATIONS.
St. Petersburg, June 5.
Admiral Alexeietf has resigned the Viceroyalty of the Far East, and M. Bulyguin his appointment as Minister of the Interior. The resignations have not been accepted.
THE ANGLO-JAPANESE ALLIANCE.
A “TIMES” ARTICLE.
London, June 5.
The “Times,” in a leading article, remarks that the importance EOT Lord Lansdowne’s statement regaining the alliance with Japan is heightened by Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman s subsequent declaration that any Liberal Government would follow faithfully and zealously Lord Lansdowne’s policy.
The Times” proceeds that we are confident that there can be no stronger bulwark for the Future maintenance of peace in Asia than a solid alliance between Great Britain and Japan for mutually defensive support. The moment is ripe for such a step.	(Reuter.)
CHANNEL FLEET IN A FOG.
TWO COLLISIONS.
Portsmouth, June 5.
On Saturday night, as the Channel Fleet was steaming here, it was enveloped in a dense fog near Dover, owing to which the battleship “Caesar” collided with the S.S.“Afghanistan,” which sank and 18 persons were drowned. The battleship “Triumph” also collided with the battleship “Swiftsure” and the latter was badly damaged. The “Caesar” and ‘Triumph” are both slightly damaged.	( Reuter.)
KING ALFONSO IN LONDON.
RECEIVED BY PRINCE OF WALES.
Paris, June 5.
King Alfonso has left here for London. (R.)
London, June 5.
King Alfonso, escorted by the warships, reached Portsmouth at noon and was received by the Prince of Wales, who accompanied him to London. It rained incessantly but a large crowd welcomed the King on his arrival. Extraordinary police precautions were taken to ensure his safety.	(Reuter.)
M LOUBET TO VISIT MADRID.
LOCAL AND GENERAL
The Cairo Water Company has commenced to work the pumps of the artesian wells at Rod el-Farag.
H. M. S. “Juno,” which convoyed the Admiralty dredger “St Lawrence” from Malta to Alexandria, left our harbour again early this
morning.
Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the Mousky district of Cairo during tomorrow night and at daylight on Thursday will be poisoned by the police.
Our Stamboul contemporaries publish a new list of subscriptions towards the Hedjaz Railway Fund, bringing up the general total to Piastres Turkish 82,848,550.
San Stefano Casino. — The management of the Casino inform us that a grand concert will be given there on Sunday next at 10 a.m., when the orchestra will be composed of 50
musicians.
Suez Canal.—On the 1st and 2nd inst 17 vessels passed through the Canal. Of these 11 were British, 1 French, 3 German, l Austrian, 1 Norwegian. The receipts for the two days were frs. 485,144.28.
Police Bribery.—A court martial will be held at the Alexandria Gouvernorat to day to try a policeman for having taken a bribe to the amount of P.T. 5 from a bicyclist, who was riding without a light after dark.
Lands at Giiizeh.—The Ministry of Public Works has ordered two powerful pumping installations from Europe. They will be used to convert some lands to the east of Ghizeh into sefi irrigation and will be set up at the mouth of El Khachab canal.
Our Confrerfs—M. Charles Camel, manager of the “Journal du Cairo,” is going to Europe on leave to-morrow by the Austrian boat. M. G. Vayssie, general manager of the Havas Agency and editor of the “Journal du Cairo,” is leaving on the 16th inst. by the Messageries steamer.
The North German Lloyd’s steamers to Naples and Marseilles are nearly full up for the forthcoming departures. In fact, all the cabins for the sailing of 14th June are booked. The next departure after that of the 14th inst. will be ou July 5, and many applications have already been received for berths by that boat, so it will be necessary for persons intending to leave by that steamer to book at once.
The Union Artistique Francaise is giving a dramatic performance, followed by a ball, on Saturday next at the new Casino de la Cou-ronne, Ibrahimieh. The programme includes the well-known comedy,	Lete de la Saint-
Martin, a humorous conference entitled La Femme, and a one-act farce, Lei Roulingrins, The performance will commence at 9.15 and at 11.30 dancing will be engaged in. The union to be congratulated ou its new locale.
Alfonso XIII. at Paris.—The young King of Spain, who has just made such a stir in Paris, is a very enlightened and highly intel» ligent young man. Many Berlitz pupils will, no doubt, be delighted to know that he was at one time their fellow student, having learned English by the celebrated system of teaching to which Mr. Berlitz has given his name. The Berlitz schools have thus been royally honored, after having won public favor throughout the entire world. [Advt.].	'
Paris, June 5.
President Loubet has accepted the invitation of King Alfonso to visit Madrid in the
autumn.
Paris, June 5.
M. Loubet will visit King Alfonso at Madrid in October next.
Chamber of Deputies.—M. Doumer stigmatised the attempt on the King of Spain's life. His words were greeted with loud applause.	(Havas.)
HOME CRICKET.
Hampshire beat Worcestershire. Captain Greig scored two centuries.	(
A Descendant of Mohamhd.—The death is announced of the Newab Begum of Murshi-dabad, at the age of 71. She was the widow of the late Sir Syed Ali Khan, G. C. I. E., Newab Bahadur of Murshidabad. There were several children of the marriage, but only two daughters survive. Prince Syed, the heir, died in 1893. The Begum was a descendant of the Prophet Mohamed, and was remarkable for her charities and her iuterest in the education of women. At the Diamond Jubilee she was decorated with the Imperial Order of the Crown of India.
The Priestess of Osiris.—Archaeologists in Paris will in a few days be in a position to view the whole of the rich Egyptological collections recovered by M. Gayet during his excavations among the huge cemeteries of ancient Antinoe. Besides the tomb of Khelmis, the magical dancer, and the victors in the Olympic games, a new monument of the highest interest has been received. It is that of Glethias, “the clothier of the images of Osiris of Antinoe.” All the crowns, garlands, thyrses of flowers, &c., as well as the objects used by the priestess in perfuming and adorning the statue, have been recovered.
La Revue International * d Egypte, of which the second number has just been issued, has evidently come to stay, which is a matter of congratulation, for it fills what was a decided want in the literature of the country. The present number is quite as interesting as its predecessor, and contains among other things seasonable articles on “les Habitations Economiques et las Cit& Jardins en Egypte,” by M. P. Bourgeois ; “La Tuberculose en Egypte,” by Dr. Vallaso poul0; “La constitution et la fertility de 1a terte arable d'apres les recherches recentes,’ By M. Victor Mosseri ; “Richard Wagner et Mathilde Wesendonck,” by M. V. Nourisson, etc., including the translation of a timely article on the present crisis at the Al Azhai University from the pen of a ulema. Altogether, a decidedly interesting publication.
THE KHEDIVE IN VIENNA.
RECEIVED BY THE EMPEROR.
Vienna, June 5.
The Khedive has had an audience of the Emperor Francis Joseph.	(Reuter.)
Vienna, June 5.
1I.H. the Khedive has paid a visit to the Emperor.	(Havas.)
THE COTTON WORM.
Our Medinet el-Fayoum Correspondent
writes : —
The cotton worm has appeared in the villages of Agemin and Nazleh. Some of the worms have been sent to Cairo to be examined. Mr. Kuppell arrived at the Fayoum on Saturday and left for Nazleh to aid in fighting against the worm.
Our Minet el KamJh Correspondent states that the following are the villages of Minet el Kamh Markaz in which the cotton worm has appeared :—El Magazer, Kafr El Sohby, Kafr el Walaga, El Bakkashin, Kafr Abd-Allah Shoufas, and El Shokr.
THE GIIARBIEH LAND COMPANYl
This company, which is the first of those to be formed under the programme of the Egyptian Enterprise and Development Company, as to the character and scope of which we recently gave our readers particulars, was registered at the Mixed Tribunals on the 18th ultimo. It has been formed with the object of taking over from the parent company an area of 9,000 feddans of laud situated on the west bank of the Nile and extending northwards from Ras el Khalig. As this property stands at present it may be divided into four parts according to its condition, as fully cultivated, partly cultivated, fallow, and waste Of the fully cultivated land there are 2,000 feddans, which it is expected will in 1906 yield an income of about £4,500. Although the remaining 7,000 feddans consist of three different qualities of land, in estimating the probable return to be had from them it has been wisely determined to regard the whole as consisting of land requiring reclamation. The prospects thus obtained are therefore based upon a very moderate estimate of the probable returns and will almost certainly be exceeded in the actual working.
Prior to the purchase of this property, Sir William Willcocks carefully examined and reported most favorably upon a large tract of Government waste land adjoining it which the company desired to acquire. The purchase of this is, however, in abeyance owing to the decision of the Government not to sell any large parcel of its lands at present.
The capital of the company has been fixed at £400,000, the whole of which has been subscribed, and it is anticipated that in 1913 the company will have realised from sales and revenues large profits and will be in a position to pay a dividend exceeding 10% from the 5,000 feddans that will then remain in its possession.
As we have indicated, the probable profits have been purposely estimated below the figures that might have been assumed if the company hud been actuated by no other desire than that of presenting its prospects in the most favorable light, hut the course followed by the company is one deserving of the higher est commendation and one that cannot fail to add largely to the interest that will certainly be taken in its future.
SUDAN SLAVE TRADE.
Captain McMurdo, the director of the Rer pressiun of Slave Trade Department, is now making a tour of inspection in the Sobat region and the Upper Nile districts, in order to satisfy himself as to the measures that are being taken in those parts of the Sudan for hindering the traffic in slaves. There can be no doubt that the slave trade, though it has as yet by no means been stamped out, has received a very great check in the Sudan. The people have learned to respect, and also to dread, the slavery laws. Seventeen persons were convicted of dealing in slaves during the course of the past year. Of these, one (Ibrahim Wad Mahmoud; was sentenced to death for murder and rebellion. The remaining sixteen were condemned to various terms of imprisonment. The fear which the application of the law has inspired produces, without doubt, a salutary effect on the whole, but it sometimes leads to sad consequences.
As regards Sudanese domestic slavery, as distinguished from the slave trade, as much progress as could reasonably be expected is being made in eradicating this institution from the country. By carefully protecting the interests of those who were previously slaves, and it the same time gradually employing them on remunerative work in other capacities— should they be unwilling to return to their masters as ordinary servants—the authorities will eventually, with the concurrence and assistance of the inhabitants themselves, gradually transform the status of slavery, and substitute for it a system of paid labour, which will probably be acceptable to master and servant alike.
Captain McMurdo's inspection in the southern Sudan will lead to the control of the slave traffic in those far off regions. The slave raiding cases, which occur in that part of the Sudan, appear to be more in the way of reprisals arising from tribal quarrels than for purposes of export. When the machinery of the Slave Trade Repression Department throughout the Sudan is satisfactorily organised, slavery will have received its death-blow,
NILE NAVIGATION,
TONNAGE CERTIFICATES. SERIOUS CHARGES.
“Nothing is more encouraging to the fiscal reformer,” says Lord Cromer in dealing with the subject of Nile Navigation in his last Report, “than to observe the manner in which the country responds to any measures taken, in the direction of the relief of fiscal burthens.”
The allusion is to the extraordinarily large increase which has taken place in the boat traffic on the Nile since the lock tolls were removed. The traffic is growing enormously, but the figures are not available, save in one case—that of the locks at the Delta Barrage. In 1898, 15,867 boats passed through this look. At the close of 1900, the tolls were removed. In 1903, no less than 35,732 boats passed through the look. In 1904, the number increased to 41,740. At the Kasr-el-Nil bridge at Cairo, the officials in charge have given up trying to count the boats. They pass through in such a rash and in such close order, that it is impossible to count them. Those facts and figures, imperfect though they be, are sufficient to show that there has been an enormous increase in the river traffic. It will almost certainly develop still farther, now that the license fees on boats have been removed. It is, however, to he anticipated that every year steam-barges—of which there axe already a considerable number—will take the place of sailing-boats.
We regret to state, however, that there is a great deal of abuse in connection with the tonnage measurements and a widespread system of fraud is in vogue. A Cairo correspondent gives the following examples of the abase. We quote his letter in full:—
“In connection with the recent interest taken in matters of navigation on the Nile, 1 wish to draw attention to a long-standing abuse which it is high time should be stopped. I refer to the tonnage measurement of na tive boats, for which, as you may he aware, certificates are issued by the Government, in the form of receipts for the navigation dues. In selling or purchasing produce, etc., or chartering boats, it is the custom to use these reoeipts very often as the basis of the transaction, which is a convenience and economises time and trouble. Now comes in the abuse. 1 have myself seen in the hands of boatmen, two different certificates for the same boat, showing a very considerable difference in the tonnage. The second one, which is as much as fifty or a hundred ardebs less than the actual measurement, is of course used in purchasing, and the other in selling or chartering. The false one is of course obtained by the use of the inevitable nimble dollar, but considering the amounts involved I think it is high time a reform is made. I would therefore, whilst apologising for occupying your valuable space, ask your assistance in drawing attention to this matter, with a view to the establishment EOT some satisfactory standard of tonnage.”
EGYPTIAN INVESTMENT AND AGENCY, LTD.
A notice will be found in another column of to-day's issue of the approaching flotation of the important new combine, the Associated Cotton Ginners of Egypt, Limited. The names of the directors are a guarantee of the soundness EOT the enterprise, and there is every prospect that the capital will be largely over-subscribed. All the great cotton houses, such as Messrs. Carver Bros. & Co., Ltd., Choremi Beuachi & Co., J. Planta & Co., C. M. Salvago & Co., C. G. Zervudachi & Co., and the Societe d’Egrenage de Zagazig, have undertaken not to gin except with the combine. All the properties purchased from the above firms have been paid for in shares of the new company.
CAIRO’S NEW BOURSE.
The contract of purchase Of the land on which the Khedivial Bourse buildings are to be erected in Cairobas been signed with the Societe Immobilize. The land in question forms part of the Sabet estate, one part of which was bought by the Nungovich Hotels Company. The latter has decided to enlarge the Savoy Hotel on the Sabet estate side and to open a new street leading from Kasr el Nil-street to Soliman Pasha-avenue. Shops are to he constructed in the new street. The plot sold to the Khedivial Bourse is situated on the border of Kasr-el Nil-street, where the frontage will be. The cost of purchase and construction will he covered by an issue of share?.
SUEZ CANAL AND BRITISH SHIPPING.
f
Sir H. Vincent asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the House of Commons this day week if his attention had been called to the declaration on May 22 EOT a dividend for the past year by the Suez Canal Company, which would give the British Government a dividend for the past year of nearly 28 per cent., free of taxes, on the investment of 4,000,000 in 1875 ; and if he would consider the desirability EOT refunding to British tonnage passing through the Canal last year some proportion, say, 5 of 10 percent, of the dividend, having regard the charges it had to meet to earn such an income for the company.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer : According to the announcement in the public Press a substantial reduction in the shipping dues will he proposed at the annual meeting of the company. 1 should not he justified in proposing a grant in aid of a particular section of British shipping on the ground stated in the question.
Sir H. Vincent said would call attention to the subject on the earliest possible occasion.
THE GHIRGEH SCANDAL.

\
HEARING OF WITNESSES.
To-day began the' hearing of the famous Ghirgeh case. The lawyers came from Cairo on Saturday morning together with Aly Bey
Abou el Foutouh, Substitut du Parquet.
The sitting was opened at 8 o’clock this morning under the presidency of Mohamad Bey Saleh, assisted by Hassan Bey Husny and Abdul Aziz Bey Mohamed, the clerk being Abdul Hamid fiffi Hamdi. The attendance in Court was very large, many having come ape; cially from Cairo, the Fayoum, and Sohag, where the Moudir is well-known.
The president announced the opening of the Bitting, after which the names of the were called out and they were given chairs to sit on during the trial. The names of the witnesses were then called out and were accommodated in a special room. There were eleven witnesses for the prosecution and twelve for the defence.
After the usual interrogatories of the aoons-ed the Substitut called for the application of Article 180 of the Penal Code against them.
The accused were then asked as to whether they were guilty or not guilty of the charge, and it is important to give here the answers of each. The Cadi Shari and the two witnesses of the tawkil, as well as Kamel Eff.. Wassif (the wekil of the daireh), asserted that the tawkil was genuine. Mohamed Bey Rifh’a deposed that he was in Cairo and therefore could not toll whether his father had signed the tawkil or not, but he thought he must have signed it as he had intended doing so- The Moudir asserted that he knew nothing about it, that he was not present, and so could not tell whether it was genuine or a forgery.
The clerk then read out the charge-sheet, after which the witnesses were heard. The most important witnesses were Badawy Bey Riftl’at, Sheikh Ahmed Mansour (the clerk who wrote out the tawkil), and Mohamed Elf. Parghaii, son-in-law of Badawy Bey. Ail asserted, of course, that the tawkil was forged but it is very important to note one or two points in the testimony of Badawy Bey.
The Moudir is accused of having ordered Badawy Bey to sign the tawlril, telling him that it was a register of the Moudirieh concerning the property of the daira. Badawy Bey, in his evidence, asserted that the Moadir had not ordered him to sign, nor did he say anything, but was merely present: it was Kamil who had. asked him to sign.
The clerk of the Mehkameh asserted also that “a gentleman” (he did not know whether it was the Moudir or some one else) had asked Badawy Bey to sign. But Moh. Eff. Farghali stated that Badawy told him that he signed through the influence of the Moudir.
The hearing continued at 9 o’clook in the evening. To-morrow the rest of the witnesses will be heard and the pleadings will take place on Tuesday.
(By Telegraph).
Assiout, Monday afternoon.
The Coart to day heard the evidence of the Commandant of Police, who was present with the Moadir in the house of Badawi Bey. He declared that the Moadir was not concerned in the matter either by his verbal orders or by the exertion of his influence.
Assiout, Tuesday morning.
To-day the speeches of the counsel for the defence were heard.
Assiout, Sunday.
BIOHMO BRIGANDAGE CASE.
( From our 'Correspondent ).
Fayoum, Sunday.
The moudirieh council has sentenced the omdeh of Biohmo to three months’imprisonment for his conduct in the recent brigandage case. Many people consider the sentence a harsh one, as during the 15 years he has acted as omdeh there have been no previous complaints as to the way in which he has carried out his duties, and he has, in fact, been officially commended for the way in which he has performed them. No doubt his conduct was cowardly on the occasion of the attack on Soliman Said’s house, hot the experience was a trying one for him. He has been unaccustomed to use firearms, and the suddenness of the outrage caused him to lose his presence of mind. Perhaps the council thought that by making an example of him they would warn other omdehs of the necessity of being prepared to act in cases of emergency.
These brigands, instead of being imprisoned, should be sent away out of the country to the Sudan. They belong to an organised body who furnish the means for their defence, ard provide for the families of any who get caught and imprisoned. The State has to pay for their maintenance in prison, and no good whatever is effected by sending them there. Let them be sent right away instead.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The . S.S. “Roman Prince,” from Antwerp, left London on Sunday last, with passengers and general cargo for Malta and Alexandria.
ESBEKIEH GARDENS.
By kind permission of Lt-Col. C. J. Markham or and officers, the band of the 1st Batt King’s to Royal Rifles will perform the following pro-an gramme of music at the Esbeldeh Gardens tonight, commencing at 9 o'clock:—
1 Galop Marche-Roumsine—Ganna.
5	Overture-Light  Cavalry-Supp.
3	Ballet	- Gounod.
4	Cornet Solo -Tbe Lott Chord (Musician S. Tyler)—Sullivan
5	Valse-Eldorado— Rojle.
0 Russian Dance—Pas des Patineure (Piccolo, Musician H.
[Arnold)—And. F. Godfrey.
7	Selection—II Troratore—Verdi.
• American Two-Step—Coontown Chimes—Webster.
Regimental March
NOTES FROM LUXOR.
DEATH FROM SUNSTROKE;
(From our Correspondent).
Luxor, Saturday
The heat here is unbearable Residents of Luxor have not known it to be so hot for many yean, and the hot winds to continue far such a long spell
Yesterday an Italian was found deadf on the Bayadeah Canal, some kilometres from here. He had armed from Cairo three days ago, and being in straitened circumstances, it appears that he was attempting to walk to Assouan. He did not go for, however, before the sun struck Jem and laid bim low.
A gentleman, who knew him here, says he leaves a wife and fire children, and used to be formerly in easy circumstances.
Soundings are being taken at Esneh in the Nile, so no doubt the budding of the there will commence next year
SPORT AND PLAY,
KHEDIVIAL YACHT CLUB.
REGATTA.
The following is to-morrow's handicap Class L 
The ooune for Class I. will be D and Class
IL EL
Class I. will race for Chitty Bey's cup. Glass IL will count points as usual As the above is the handicap fixed for the month of June members are requested to take particular note of it, as it will not be published again this month.
CRICKET.
A matoh, Alexandria versus Ramleh, will be played on the A.C.C ground on Saturday next at 1.30 p.m.
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
A reception was held Italian consulate on Sunday morning by Marquis Salvago-Raggif Italian Diplomatic Agent, on the occasion of the celebration of the festival of the “Statuto.”

El Kaimakam A Sutherland Bey, officer commanding, 15th Sundanese has been granted the local rank of Miralai, whilst holding the acting appointment of officer District and Governor. Bahr-al-Ghasal
Ibrahim Halim Bey, Governor of Sues, has been granted one month’s leave from the 17th inst.
Saghcolaghasi D. Blake. officer commanding Cairo. City Fire Brigade, will leave for England on July 1, and will be absent for
3 1/2months.
Two months’ leave of absence has been accorded to Alexandre Dimitri Bey, sub-director EOT the Personnel and Accounts Department.
Mr. H. W. Tite, chief inspector of the International Sleeping Car Co., returned to Cairo from Cyprus on Sunday and will leave for Paris on Saturday next. Mrs. Tito, who has remained in Cyprus, will spend the summer there.
Anglo-American Nile Steamer,
HOTEL COMPANY.
RIVER TRANSPORT OF GOODS BETWEEN ALEXANDRIA A CAIRO Three— Salliage a-Week. Agents at Alexandria;
ALEXANDRIA BONDED WAREHOUSE CO LB.
BECK & CO'S PILSENER BEER
■"“■JSS^SaTSL.
Anwm ftWa wry Bww	aha
W*1
CARLTON HOTEL
Bnlkeley, Bamlfh.
T«n mmo mmm iitwnna. iWMlWSimraSL
\