THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE. FRIDAY.. JUNE 9, 1905.
THE MOROCCO QUESTION.
SULTAN AND BRITISH MISSION
GERMANY PROPOSES CONFERENCE.
Tangier, June 8.
Mr. A. Lowther was received with great ceremony by the Saltan. Formal speeches desiring the maintenance of friendship and the prosperity of Morocco were exchanged. (R. )
Berlin, June 8. Germany has formally proposed to the powers a conference on the atfairs of Morocco.
(Reuter. )
Paris, June 8. Herr von Flotow has stated to M. Kouvier that Germany will bring all its spirit of conciliation to bear in the Moroccan question. (H. )
Berlin, June 8.
At the army manauvres Emperor William showed himself particularly amiable to General
Lacroix. 	(Havas. )
BRITISH SUBMARINE SUNK.
ALL HANDS LOST.
Plymouth, June 8. The submarine AS was lost with all hands outside the harbour. 15 men perished, including sub-Lieutenant Fletcher. She suddenly sank without any explosion. 	(Reuter. )
REDUCTION OF CABLE RATES.
ONE SHILLING TO EGYPT.
London, June 8.
Mr. Austen Chamberlian has informed a deputation that the cable rate to India will'be reduced to two shillings before October, and that he hoped very shortly to reduce the rate to Egypt to one shilling. 	(Reuter. )
THE HOUSE ADJOURNS.
NEW SPEAKER ELECTED.
London, June 8. Mr. Lowther has been unanimously elected Speaker and the House then adjourned till
the 20th inst. 	(Reuter. )
DEATH OF PRINCE LEOPOLD OF HOHENZOLLERN.
Berlin, June 8. Prince Leopold of Hohenzollern is dead. (H. )
Prince Leopold of Hohenzollem-Sigmaringen was the bead of the Catholio branch of the House of Hohenzollern, and was born at Krauchenweis3 on September 22, 1835. He married Antonia, Infanta of Portugal, at Lisbon in 1861. The deceased Prince will hold i permanent niche in the world’s history, for 113 election to the throne of Spain in 1870 led o the outbreak of the war with France. He ras the elder brother of the King of Roumania, . tid the father-in-law of Princess Marie, the laughter of the late Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Prince. Leopold was, in virtue of Article S3 of the Roumanian Constitution, heir to that throne, as in the event of the king remaining Childless the succession was ordained to devolve n his elder brother. The late Prince, however, enounced his right to the throne in favor of iis son, Prince Wilhelm, who also renounced his rights in favor of his brother, Prince Ferdinand, the present Prince of Roumania, who married a daughter of the Duke of Edin-burgb in 1893.
The branch of which the late Prince was ; he head is supposed to be of higher antiquity than the Protestant Prussian branch, of which the Kaiser is head.
OBITUARY.
EMMANUEL CLARY MANUK
It is with feelings of very deep regret that ■e have to record the death, which occurred at this residence in Missalla-street, Alexandria, yesterday afternoon, of Mr. Emmanuel Clary Manuk. Deceased, who was 49 years of age, ad been secretary of the Alexandria Stock-rokers’ and Produce Brokers’ Associations nee their foundation, and was a well-known gure on our local Exchange, where he will be greatly missed. He was a man of considerable business ability and was a hard worker. He was who supplied the commercial news of the day to the leading newspapers in Egypt, the “Egyptian Gazette” included. Of loyal and charitable disposition, he gained host of friends, by whom his loss will be sincerely mourned. More than one who is deponent on the charity of passers-by will miss the kindly figure of the deceased and his unfail •gly regular dole. The late Mr. Manuk wav umarried, bat leaves a sister and several nephews to mourn his premature end. He has predeceased by his brother, Mr. E. J lanuk, of Cairo, by exactly five months. The funeral will take place at 5 p. m. to-day from deceased’s house.
Business on the Bourse was suspended for half-an-hour this morning as a sign of respect for the deceased.
LOCAL AND GENERAL.
The Imperial Ottoman Bank announces its meeting for the 28th inst.
The Plaque. —Yesterday’s bulletin reoords the recovery of the case at Alexandria.
The Brindisi Mail will close at the G. P. O., Alexandria, at 3. 15 p. m. on Sunday.
Sudan Secret Service Expenditure only amounted to L. E. 204 during last year.
A Seizure of 207 kilos of hashish has been effected by the Coastguards Administration at Mansourah.
Mahmoudieh Canal—L E. 3, 200 has been granted for the repairs to the locks of the Mahmoudieh Canal, of which L. E. 1, 300 has been spent.
Topaz Island. —153 kilogrammes of topazes of the best quality from the Topaz Island in the Red Sea have been despatched to the Daira Khassa.
Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the Kobeissi quarter of Cairo to-morrow night and at daylight on Sunday will be poisoned by the police.
North Egypt Land Company. —The London newspapers announce that letters of allotment and regret in the North Egypt Land Company, Limited, have been posted.
Athletic Sports. —The inauguration of the Hellenic Athletic Club of Cairo will take place on Sunday next, under the presidency of MJ Gennadis, Greek Diplomatic Agent. Athletic sports will be held on the occasion.
Suez Canal. —8 vessels passed through the Canal on the 6th inst., of which 4 were British,
1 Egyptian, 2 German, 1 Dutch. The day’s receipts were frs. 201, 506. 14, making the total from the 1st of June, frs. 1, 611, 530. 96.
The Assouan Dam. —Some time ago Egypt was told that tho heightening of the Assouan Dam was to be postponed. Yet since the beginning of the year it is officially stated that L. E. 56, 884 has been paid out of the credit of L. E. 200, 000 opened for that purpose!
San Stefano Casino. —Subscribers of the Casino who desire to attend the instrumental concert on Sunday next are asked by the management to obtain their subscription cards so as to facilitate the control at the entrance.
The “Maiiroussa. ”—The credit opened for the repairs to the Khedivial Yacht “Mah-rouesa”. amount to L. E. 79, 000, of which L. E. 10, 595 has been spent This credit also includes the purchase of a steam launch for the Khedive.
Inspection. —The 7th Battalion and Infantry band will parade as strong as possible at Ras el-Tin barracks to-morrow for inspection by his Excellency the Sirdar. The battalion will be formed up in line of “open order” at 6. 50 a. m. The colour will be carried.
A Ghaffir’s Vengeance. —A ghaflir of Bed-rechein, having surprised one of his fellow-ghaflirs asleep at his post, took away his arms and handed them over to the omdeh. The ghaflir was convicted of negligence and swore to have vengeance. A few days afterwards he met his accuser and shot him down. The murderer was arrested and has confessed.
Alexandria Shooting Case. — Constable Camileri, of the Alexandria City Police, has been dismissed the force on suspicion of having facilitated the escape of the Italian policeman who fired a revolver at another Italian in a drinking shop in Sisters-street recently. The constable has been arrested, and is confined in the British consular prison, being a Maltese.
A Native Court. —The condition of the Native Court at Minet el-Kamh, writes a correspondent, is “absolutely disgusting and reflects discredit on the Ministry of Justice. The building itself is miserable and ill-kept, and the interior is dirty in the extreme. The Sanitary Administration ought to protest to the Ministry of Justice, as the state of the place is a menace to public health. ”
The Weather. in Cairo. —Although the weather in Cairo still keeps hot during the day the mornings and evenings are delightfully cool, which is a great relief after the intense heat experienced last week. Notwithstanding the welcome change, the exodus from the city to Europe still continues, and the streets are beginning to assume the usual deserted appearance of the summer season.
Record in Triplets. —Triplets of the combined weight of 25lbs. were bom last week in Chicago to Mrs. Wain wright, who weighs only 105lbs. and is only seventeen years old. It is said that the birth of three babies of such weight, and to so small and young a mother, is without anthentio precedent The mother is the wife of ft gardener. The children seem likely to live.
Action for Five Milliemes. —An action for the recovery of. five milliemes was heard by the Assiout Court on the 4th inst., when Mahmond Bey Diab, a market inspector, sued the Railway Administration for that sum, being the amount charged him for entrance to the platform of Sohag station. Plaintiff denies the right of the administration to make any charge for admittance to its station platforms, that right pot having been conferred by any decree. Judgment was postponed for three weeks.
Grand Continental Hotel. — Among the many improvements and additions that will be carried out at this fashionable hostelry is the erection of a new and large electric lift which will accommodate 8 or 10 persons. The lift is being constructed at the further end of the vestibule on the ground floor and will be in working order some time next month, when the smaller will be used exclusively as a luggage and service lift Mr. Klingler, the popular manager of the Continental, is proceeding to Europe tomorrow on a holiday of four months, and will be replaced by Mr. J. Braun, who manages the Hotel d’Angleterre during the winter season.
Concert. —Sig. Mandolini-Menotti’s concert at the Khedivial Hotel yesterday night was a brilliant success. Notwithstanding the warm weather the concert-room was full, and the several items on the programme were very creditably rendered by amateurs, most of whom are pupils of Sig. Mandolini. We particularly remarked the good singing of Sig. Mandolini and Signora Capozza in their duets. Sig. G. Lisi was much applauded when, after recovering from the nervousness inherent to a first public appearance, he sang out in good style. Sig. V. Sikich, also, distinguished himself by his effective singing. Sig. B. Cajo’s brilliant performances on the violin were much appreciated. In fact, the whole concert was a marked success, due to a happy selection of a programme which was well carried out
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL
Abani Pasha, Minister of War, Mr. Machell, Adviser to the Ministry of the Interior, and Mohamed Bey Said, Chef du Parquet, came down to Alexandria from Cairo last night.
Sir William Unrstin is expected to arrive in Cairo on the 19 th of this month. On Wednesday he paid a visit of inspection to the Tewfik-ieh district, south of Khartoum.
Miralai E. E. Bernard Bey, Financial Secretary, Sudan Civil Administration, left Cairo yesterday and embarks to-morrow by the Austrian Lloyd mail steamer for Europe. He will be absent until the middle of September. Mrs. Bernard went to England some weeks back.
The death is announced as having occurred at Folkestone this day week, of Sir Frank Ringler Drummond-Hay, a former Consul in Cairo. The late Sir Frank was private secretary to Mr. (afterwards Sir John) Drummond-Hay, from October 1847 to Jnly 1851, and acted as vice-consul from November 15, 1850, to February 5, 185. 1, and on several other occasions. He was sent on a special mission to Mogador with Her Majesty’s ships “Arrogant” and “Janus” in October, 1849; and was also sent on a mission to the Moorish Court at Fez to convey a present from Her Majesty the late Queen to the Sultan, on November 19, 1850. He was appointed Vice Consul at Tetuan on July 16, 1851, and was sent on a special mission to Rabat and Dar-al-baida in Her Majesty’s ship “Antelope” on August 17, 1854. He also accompanied Her Majesty’s Charg£ d’Affaires as his private. secretary in his mission to the Court of the Sultan of Morocco in 1855. He was appointed 2nd Vice-Consul at Constantinople, April 29, 1856, and 1st Vice-Consul there, December 17, 1860; was Acting Consul-General from April 1, 1859, till October 21, 1860; was appointed Consul at Cairo, December 14, 1861; was transferred to Crete, May 26, 1863 and was promoted to be Consul-General in Tripoli, January 14, 1865. He retired on a pension on September 3, 1890, and was knighted by letters patent on January 19, 1891.
Mr. W. Delanoy, director of stores of the Prisons Department, is leaving Port Said tomorrow for England on a well-earned holiday of 31/2 months.
The proposed transfer of the Rev. D. D Murch, American Missionary at Assouan, to Tantah has aroused much feeling among the people among whom he has laboured for the last 20 years, and the American Mission Association has received many letters asking that he may remain in his present position. In reply the association has promised to give the matter further consideration.
LEGHORN (Italy. )
CHARMING SEA BATHING RESORT FOR SUMMER.
PALACE HOTEL.
One of the finest and most imposing Hotels in Italyv built entirely with Carrara Marble* and standing in its own beautiful grounds overlooking the sea. 300 rooms newly furnished.
Moderate Terms. 	*8061-1-10
ARISTON AERATED WATERS
Guaranteed Distilled.
ALEXANDRIA! 	|	•-*.
i-sarsras&i
THE FiKl QUESTION.
SHEIKH SHERBINI’S PROTEST.
The recent withdrawal of the protest of the Sheikh of A1 Azhar has aroused very great interest in native circles, and we have received some correspondence on the subject from oar Egyptian readers, some of whose implications are erroneous. The facts, however, are very simple. That protest was drawn up under a serious misapprehension of the real nature of the Government proposals as regards the position of fikis. When it became known, several of the leading members of the Legislative Council called on both Lord Cromer and Mustapha Pasha Fehmy, and whilst drawing attention to certain points in the proposal as to which they thought some amendments should be made, they expressed themselves as being in complete disagreement with the terms of Sheikh Sher-bini’s letter. Subsequently, Sheikh Sherbini saw Mustapha Pasha Fehmy, who explained to him the true circumstances of the case, and the intentions of the Government. The Sheikh voluntarily and freely expressed his regret at having been led into error and his readiness to withdraw the protest This was accordingly done, and the incident dosed.
One of our correspondents, who implies that official pressure was brought to bear upon Sheikh Sherbini, is consequently labouring under an entirely false impression. As a matter of fact the proposed law is in no respect in antagonism to the usages of Islam. Its sole object is to prevent a number of perfectly ignorant men abasing the title of fiki, to which their acquirements give them no just claim, and thereby enjoying privileges to the detriment of their more honest fellow-citizens.
It is much to be regretted that the A1 Azhar University has fallen into its present condition, namely, that of being a focus of reaction wherever possible. For further information on the present state of that great university we may refer our reader to the last number of “La Revue Internationale, ” published at Alexandria, which contains an article of considerable merit dealing with this subject. The signature is evidently a “nom de plume, ” bat the writer knows his subject and has spoken some sound home truths.
THE CADIS’ SCHOOL.
The Commission formed, under the presidency of Sheikh Mohamed Abdoa, to draw up a programme of instruction for the use of the Cadis’ School, has terminated its labours and presented its report to the Ministry of Justice^ which is having a translation made. The programme will be submitted to competent persons, who will decide on what modifications are necessary before its being sent to the Legislative Council.
NEW BUILDINGS IN CAIRO.
The large block of buildings of five storeys erected at the corner of Boulae-avenue and the boulevard by the Daira Khassa, at a cost of about £30, 000, is nearly completed and several of the flats are already occupied, whilst the whole of the remainder have been let at rentals ranging from L. E. 120 to L. E. 240 per annum. It is the first private building in the Capital that has been supplied with a lift.
Part of the ground floor will be occupied by the Government Telegraph Department, which has rented it on a lease of ten years at L. E. 500 annually. The telegraph offices, together with the local direction, will be transferred to the new building in the course of next month.
The fine building belonging to Com mendatore Luzzato Bey, and situated in the Sharia El Madabergh, is now finished and most of the apartments are let.
Opposite the above building Messrs. Coronel are constructing a hotel of about 60 rooms for Mr. Pisani, the Cairo contractor, which is expected to be ready for occupation by the end of the year or beginning of next, while the National Bank of Egypt is enlarging its premises by the addition of small house, now being built on the sonth side, to accommodate the constantly augmenting staff necessary to cope with the large increase in its business, especially since the Bank has been entrusted with the collection of the revenues of the State Railways.
In fact, not only in the fashionable Ismailieh quarter but in all the other parts of the city, building operations are proceeding rapidly, whilst the price of suitable sites is tending upwards at a rapid rate. As an instance we may mention several plots in Ismailieh district for which as much as £12 to £15 per square metre is being asked. Should this enhancement in the price of land in the choice quarters of the Capital continue, the cost will soon be almost prohibitive and approximate to those now demanded in the select parts of some of the European cities.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The S. S. “Flavian” is sailing on Thursday next
The Khedivial mail S. S. “Ismailia” will leave Alexandria on Wednesday for Pirajus, Smyrna, Mitylene and Constantinople. "
WINDSOR HOTEL
Largest 1st class and most comfortable Hotel in	 Alexandria. Facing the 	sea
Central position. Under English management
KHEDIVE’S VISIT TO LONDON.
TO ARRIVE ON MONDAY.
The Khedivd ia due in London from Paris on Monday, 12th inst., and will probably stay in Englan d until the 24th inst.
QUARANTINE REGULATIONS FOR CATTLE.
The following regulations regarding the importation of cattle were decided upon at the last meeting of the Quarantine Board
(1)	Cattle coming from contaminated countries, such as Asia Minor, etc., must be disembarked at Mex (Alexandria) or at Port Said and be slaughtered there in quarantine. At the same time, for the purpose of providing for the consumption of meat in Cairo, animals coming from infected districts may continue to be sent to Cairo under the quarantine regulations already prescribed.
(2)	Cattle coming from Suakin must be disembarked at Suez and be killed in quarantine there or sent to the Cairo abattoir under the same conditions.
(3)	Cattle coming from Russia, Macedonia, Bulgaria, Roumania, or any other country which is not recognised as healthy or beyond suspicion, must disembark at Chatby Lazaretto (Alexandria), where they will undergo five days’ quarantine, at the expiration of which, if they are judged to be healthy, they can be sent to the abattoirs of Tantah, Mansourah, Zagazig, Chibin-el-Kom, Damanhour, Benha, and Ismailia under the prescribed conditions.
SUSPECTED PLAGUE ON BOARD SHIP.
The captain of the British vessel “Director, ' whioh left Bombay with a crew of 62 and without a doctor on May 25, reports that on the 3rd inst an Indian Lascar suddenly fell ilL His temperature reached 40° C. and he died the next day, when his body was immediately committed to the waves. The case has been considered as one of suspected plague, and after disinfection the vessel was allowed to proceed through the canal in quarantine.
SANITARY DEPARTMENT.
The board of examiners appointed by the Ministry of the Interior to examine the students of the School of Veterinary Medicine assembled under the presidency of Sir Horace Pinching, Director-General of the Sanitary Department, from the 25th to the 28th ult., and examined the students of the said school
With the following results:
Aziz Effendi Kerba, Francis Effendi Elias, and Mohamed Effendi Askar passed their final examinations and obtained their diplomas.
Abdel Aziz Effendi Numani, Ahmed Effendi Foad, Hassan Effendi Zohni, and Hamed Effendi Shaker passed their second year's examination and are transferred to the third year’s classes.
Mr. Frederick Ghisi, Hassan Effendi Hosni el Zeneini, Ragheb Effendi Guirgis, Hafis Effendi Ibrahim, Abdel Aziz Effendi Zeneini, Edward . Effendi Tazbak, Mishriki Effendi Himaya, Ibrahim Effendi Fahmy, and Habil Effendi Bichara passed their first year’s examination and are transferred to second year’s classes.
THE FINDS AT THEBES.
Mr, Theodor Davis’s discoveries at Biban el Moluk knock on the head various speculations, in which Egyptologists have indulged with regard to the parentage of Amenophis III. 's celebrated Queen Thyi. The mother of the" “heretic king” Khuenaten was not, as has hitherto been supposed by some, of Syrian or Asiatic blood, her. father, Juaa, being described beyond possibility of mistake as “Superintendent of the cattle of the god Min in Ekhmim, ” while her mother, Thuaa, was as plainly a priestess of Amen. We hear also of a brother of Thyi bearing the thoroughly Egyptian name of Aa-nen. These points, ' which confirm M. Maspero's views, will be made cleat in Mr. Peroy Newberry’s forthcoming book upon the 'Tombs of Juaa and Thuaa. ’
EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND.
The annual exhibition of the antiquities discovered by the workers for the Egypt Exploration Fund will this year be divided into two parts, the objects from Deir el-Bahstri obtained by the Fund’s senior excavator, Dr. Naville, and Mr. H. R. Hall, being exhibited in the rooms of the Society of Biblical Archaeology, while Prof. Petrie’s exhibits will be shown at University College, Gower-street, London.
vr-
8
LETTER TO THE EDITOR.
We do not hold ourselves responsible tor the opinions expressed
by our correspondents, but we wish, in s spirit of fair play
to all, to permit — within certain necessary limits- tree
CLEARING OF THE SPHINX.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir, —I regret to see that my name is being used without any ground, as approving of Mr. Covington's scheme about clearing the Sphinx. I had already declined to let my name appeal as connected with any excavations that arc not under the entire personal control of some competent archaeologist, to ensure that more good than ham will be done. —Yours truly,  Wk. Flinders Petrie. University College, London.

LOCAL COMPANY PR0M0TI0N.
SEVERE CRITICISM.
The latest "Morning Post” to hand in its City article passes the following criticism on the Egyptian Development Syndicate: —
A prospectus is in circulation of yet another Egyptian concern inviting' subscriptions for purposes by no means clearly defined—which has been somewhat characteristic of recent Egyptian prospectuses. The directors of the Egyptian Development Syndicate do not pretend to have any property in view; they merely ask the public for £25, 000 to use as they may think fit in Egyptian speculation. They jay that they have secured the service of a gentle* man who has acquired a thorough knowledge of the requirements of the country during a residence of 25 years, but this gentleman upon whom so much must depend seems to prefer. to remain anonymous, or perhaps it is that the directors do not deem his name worth mentioning. The board declares that it “is prepared to engage in the safest and most profitable business whioh will be offered to it, ” and it promises that “phenomenal profits should soon accrue to the shareholders”; statements whioh might be more tempting if they were less vague. The directors also declare that gold reefs of fabulous richness have been struck in Egypt, which will he good news to the shareholders of Egyptian mining companies who have certainly not yet received’any fabulous dividends. In one district, the directors say, “visible gold was found in the dumps, ” in that respect many Egyptian mining shareholders resemble the visible gold. Another statement of these directors is that “under the Egyptian Mining Laws the financial advisers of the Khedive minutely every venture, they bestow a watchful care on each company and only entertain the most promising undertakings, ” but it is to be hoped that no intending subscriber Will be misled by this statement into an idea that the Egyptian Government will guarantee his s “phenomenal profits” for him. One objectionable feature of the company is that it adopts the discredited system of founders’ shares. The directors will attempt to commence business if only £3, 000 out of the £25, 000 is subscribed, and even this has not been underwritten. A great deal is made in the prospectus of the fact that no underwriting commission will be paid, but it is not explained whether this is due to underwriters being unobtainable.
EGYPTIAN MINING.
London, June 2.
The report from the Um Bus Company shows that the property is opening out well. The mine manager of the Nile Valley cables to say the mill was started on the 29th. We may therefore expect to have some news re* garding the various properties in this section and consequent activity in the market. There was undoubtedly considerable over-speculation in this section, it being the belief of professional operators that the wealthy groups connected with the leading shares were going to 'push prices up to a considerable extent The consequent reaction has brought prices below their proper value, and now that results are coming to hand we shall see a return of confidence. _.
PASSENGER LISTS.
DEPARTURES.
Le paquebot Tebe de la Cie Florio Rubattino parti hier pour Messine et Gdnes avait k bord:
MM. C. Vannotti, Mme V. Pancuccio, Prof; Micciche, G. Sardella, E. Lionello, CoL Bernard, I. Hakky Bey, Mme Coronel et fam*< Aw. Viligiardi et fam., A. Chasseaud et fam,, Ing. A. Piattoli, M. et Mme E. Galdea, Mse Berthy, Aw. E. Lusena, J*. Barocas et fam., M. Nahmias, Mmo Trombetta et fam., Mme Ric-bardini et b£b£, M. De Botton et fam., F. Seeger, J. Frangi et fils., P. Sucher, Cap. L. Trapani, J. A. King et neveu, Ardehting, Henderson et /am., G. Drossos, Ir&ne Dranzig, Mme Miccichk, Mme Favia et 4 fils, Aw. Acavalo8, Gobart, Mme Favia Folcia, Prof. Trombetta Joseph Maria, A Riso, Mme Ran-done, C. Rooco, P&res Serafino et Paolo, Istitut Del Mar, Del Mar et £un., Sarah Garzoni, Rev. Breen et Heyel, Mme Naggar et fam., Mme Shaar et fam., Aw. Albanachi, Jokl, Sceura Maria-Valeria et Alessia, G. Legrand, M. et Mme Garcia, M. et Mme F. Georges, J. Rennehaum, H. Houzam, F. Buzzins, M. et Mme Zigada, Prof. Parodi, P. Spagnoli, M. Wahby, I. Hilmy, G. Fassone et fam., Mme Redemesti et fam., Mme Albertini, J. Bauman, Vve Benarois, Aw. M. Lantz, Brewester Bey, G. Beer, Mme Paganiui, Brewster Bey et enfant, M. Girard, E. Salone et 56 passagers de 3me classe.
CARLTON HOTEL
Bulkeley, Ramleh.
Ten minutes from Alexandria. first-class in every respect Very moderate charges. Bulkeley Is the fashionable English quarter. Visitors from Cairo alight at Sidi Gaber Station.
numbers
ENGLISH PENSION, ITALIAN RIVIERA.
The best halfway house between Egypt and England to,
VIAREGGIO, near PISA Main line expresses stop. Pine woods, Sands, Sea bathing mild climate, 	English Pension. Villa Shelley, Every
home comfort. Electric light. Modern sanitation, Sunny aspect, close to sea and gardens.
numbers.
BECK & CO'S PILSENER BEER
■ piA&8 so HoidBrooMPirnmnr*oi mun. N. B. —-InfMopJkanii dow being M * MM
lew Hi wy jewna ~