THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1905.
RESIGNATI0N OF M. DELCASSE
differences with m. rouvier.
TUB MOROCCO QUESTION.
Paris, June 6.
M Delcasse has resigned. M. Rouvier will replace him temporarily.
The differences between M. Delcassd and M. Rouvier continued since the first resignaton the 21st April. M. Rouvier and other Ministers consider that M. Delcasse ought to have propitiated Germany before sending M. St Rene Taillandier to Fez. 	(Reuter. )
Paris, June 6. in consequence of differences of opinion re-ling foreign policy, M. Delcasse has resign*
ed. M. Rouvier will be Minister for Foreign Affairs ad interim. 	(Havas. )
BALTIC FLEET REMNANTS.
THE SHIPS AT MANILA.
Washington, June 6.
The American Government’s standpoint is that only ordinary damages, and not battle damages to ships, are repairable without their
internment. 	( Reuter. )
Tokio, Jnne 6. The “Admiral Nakimoff, ” the “Vladimir Monomach, ” and the “Dmitri Donskoi” are sunk in comparatively shallow water, and it will be possible to raise them. 	(Reuter. )
Tokio, June 6. 14, 000 (/ 4, 000) men of the Baltic fleet have been killed or drowned, 4, 600 captured, and
3, 000 escaped. 	(Reuter. )
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT & PEACE.
CONSTANT CONFERENCES.
Washington, June 6. President Roosevelt is in constant conference with the Russian, British, and German Ambassador- and the Japanese Minister, as is believed, on the subject of peace. 	(Reuter. )
St. Petersburg, June 6. Count Lamsdorff will communicate to the Tsar tomorrow Count Cassini’s account of his interview with President Roosevelt (Reuter. )
THE REIGN OF TREPOFF.
St. Petersburg, June 6.
M. Buliguin's resignation is obviously due to the virtual dictatorship conferred on General Trepoff. This latter has prohibited the meeting of the congress of tho ZomattuS, which Was fixed for to day at Moscow. 	(Reuter. )
BOMB FACTORY DISCOVERED.
Riga, June 6.
The police has discovered a bomb factory and seized 50 bombs, after an armed resistance.
{Reuter. )
YEMEN INSURRECTION.
TOWNS CAPTURED BY REBELS.
London, June 6. Reuter’s Agency learns from Hodeida that the rebels have captured Kataba and Ibb and are now investing Taiz. 	(Reuter. )
MARRIAGE OF KRONPRINZ.
AN IMPOSING CEREMONY.
Berlin, June 6. The German Crown Prince and the Duchess Cecilia-Augustine-Marie of Mecklenburg were married here to day with great pomp. The weather was brilliant. 	(Reuter. )
Berlin, June 6. The marriage of the Kronprinz was imposing. The weather was superb. 	(Havas. )
COUNT VON BULOW MADE PRINCE.
Berlin, June 6. The Emperor William has created Count von Bulow Prince. 	(Reuter. )
Berlin, June 6. Count von Bulow has been created a Prince.
(Havas. )
PROPOSED MOROCCO CONFERENCE
_ London, June 6. The “Standard*’ learns that the Government declines to countenance the proposed Morocco conference. 	(Reuter.
THE ATTEMPT ON KING ALFONSO.
Paris, June 6. The Senate has expressed its horror at the attempt on the life of the King of Spain(H. )
LOCAL AND GENERAL.
The Brindisi Mail will bo distributed at the Q. P. O., Alexandria, at 9. 30 p. m. to-day.
Mariout Exploration. —-The German archaeologist, Herr Mario Kaufmann, intends shortly to carefully explore the Mariout district
Stray and Ownerless Doos found in the Shoubra district of Cairo during to-morrow night and at daylight on Friday will be poisoned by the police.
Fatal Tram Accident. —A native was killed on Sunday morning by falling under a tram in Old Cairo when attempting to enter it whilst in motion. Death was instantaneous.
Hellenic School. —Owing to the prevailing epidemic of. diphtheria in Alexandria the viva voce portion of the summer examination now proceeding at the schools of the Hellenic community of Alexandria will not be held.
San Stefano Casino. —Subscribers of the Casino who desire to attend the instrumental concert on Sunday next are asked by the management to. obtain their subscription cards so as to facilitate the control at the entrance.
Is it Murder? —The body ot a young native boy was found on Sunday by the Cairo polioe in the Khalifa district. Several wounds were found on the body and it was taken to Kasr-el-Aini Hospital for the purpose of holding a post mortem examination.
French National Fete—The Cairo committee for the organisation of the French national fete of the 14th July have already begun to take measures for the decoration of the Esbekieh Gardens, and the contract for the work has been given out.
Judges’ Residences for the Englishmen appointed to exercise judicial functions in the Native Courts at Tantah, Zagazig, Beni-Souef, Assiout, and Keneh, are to be erected in those towns. The Ministry of Justice has opened a credit of L. E. 14, 000 for the purpose.
Suez Canal. — 24 vessels passed through the Canal on the 3rd and 4th inst. Of these 12 were British, 1 Turkish, 6 German, 1 Austrian, 1 Norwegian, 1 Russian, 1 Spanish, 1 Dutch. The receipts for the two days were fra. 656, 859. 49, making the total from the 1st inst. fra. 1, 142, 002. 77.
Alexandria-Triestb Mail Service. —The board of directors of the Austrian Lloyd Steam Navigation Company is studying a scheme for greatly improving their Alexandria-Trieste service, and as soon aa the mail contract with the Austrian Government ha3 been signed very extensive ameliorations will be introduced.
P. & 0. —The steamers of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, which leave Port Said every Tuesday afternoon for Marseilles, Plymouth, and London, have plenty of room in both saloons available for future bookings of passengers intending to leave for Europe by these magnificent English steamers.
Destruction of Crops. - OurMinet el-Kamh Correspondent states that the malevolent destruction of the cotton crop is very prevalent, in spite of the fact' that many arrests have been made of persons caught perpetrating this crime. A native of Kafr Karmout reported yesterday that some of his enemies, through personal vengeance, had uprooted about two feddans of cotton belonging to him, which was nearly -£11 that he possessed.
Gruesome Discovery^ — At 8. 20 p. m. on Sunday, one of the guards of the Egyptian Salt & Soda Company at Mex, on making his usual rounds, noticed a very bad odour proceeding from one of the quarry pits. On reporting the matter to the director of the salt works, Mr. A. C. Ramsay, the latter immediately proceeded to the spot. -After procuring a lantern and a rope they there found a body floating face upwards and dressed in European clothes. The corpse was in such a position that it. was difficult to ascertain if it was that of a European or not. News of the discovery was immediately telephoned to the Gouvernorat, the police arrived, and, after making out the usual proces verbal, took the corpse out at 1 a. m. and transported it to hospital.
ARISTON AERATED WATERS
Guaranteed Distilled. ALEXANDRIA! I. CAIRO;
7. Rne de la Posts. 1	fttBWipi Ol W*bt
•	1	Atari. IWul. IumI-RII
ENGLISH PENSION, ITALIAN RIVIERA.
The best halfway house between Egypt ind England is VIAREGGIO, near PISA.
Mein line expresses stop. Pine woods, fltndi, 8m btthlne mild elimiie, MngliMh Pension, VllU MuHUy. Ererr home eomfort. Blectrie lifht Modem ttnitatiau, Sunny •epeet, elo*e to eet ind f&rdezu.
MB'-tl	gr-Hdr—e«. WWQITBM LADIUM.
windsorhotel;
Largest lot olaoo and mo*t oomiortablc Hotel In Alexandria. Facing tho t«t Contral potWoD. U»dor iDgHib mooogf men<
THE GHIRGEH SCANDAL.
ACCUSED ALL ACQUITTED.
(By Telegraph).
Assiout, Wednesday, 1 p. m.
The Moudir of Ghirgeh, Mohamed Bey Rifaa, the Cadi of the Mehkemeh Sharieh, and the other accused have all been acquitted.
PORT OF ALEXANDRIA.
Nearly L. E. 5, 000 has already been spent this year out of the credits allotted for the improvement of the port of Alexandria. But of the total credit of L. E. 110, 000 opened this year from the General Reserve Fund for the extension of the import quays, enlargement of Quay K, an 1 extension of Quay J, only L. E. 175 has been spent. Of the credit of L. E. 38, 000 for the extension of the head of the mole, L. E. 4, 760‘has been expended. Only L. E. 42 has been disbursed of the L. E. 1, 000 voted for studying the Gabbari quays scheme, while of the LE. 10, 000 for the enlargement of the south portion of Quay C nothing has yet been spent.
NILE FESTIVAL IN VIENNA.
A correspondent, writing from Vienna by last mail, says: The immense space of the Rotunde was on Saturday filled to overflowing by the mass of people who were present at the great Nile Festival arranged by the Princess Pauline Metternich. One could really believe oneself on the banks of the Nile at sunset. The various stalls represented Egyptian shops. Round the stalls the crowd was so great that the help of the police had to be requisitioned in order to keep the people moving.
The Princess Metternich looked charming in a yellow Egyptian costume. It was covered with gold and silver lace. On her head the princess wore a turban. She went from one stall to the other, sold picture postcards, and generally did the honors in the most charming manner.
Countess Lippe Pallavicini had established a magnificent art salon where she sold the -works of celebrated painters. The picture postcards designed by Countess M. Paffy, which represented the Princess Metternich on a sphinx, had a great success.
Among those who were busy at this stall were Princess Engelbert-Auersperg, who looked extremely well in her Egyptian costume. Mrs. A Warndorfer wore a magnificent real Egyptian costume and looked her very best in it Another lady in Egyptian costume was Baroness Prelis-Rumerskirch.
Countess Nora Fugger was at the head of a very well-stocked Egyptian bazaar, and had had all the goods sent from Cairo for the occasion. With her were Princess Alexander Solms, wearing a pretty white foulard dress trimmed with light blue; Countess Wurmbrand-Schenk, Countess Frigi logger, and Countess Salm-Stemberg. 	\
AT THE “AMBASSADEURS”
The open-air music-hall at Ghezireh, whioh is known by the name of “Theatre des Ambas-sadeurs,,, attracted a large crowd on Saturday evening by advertising a "soiree Venitienne, ” and the many who attended were in no way disappointed. The theatre had been most effectively decorated with festoons of artificial green-leaves and roses, from which were hung multi coloured electric-globes, and flags of every nation were abundant Just before the entertainment commenced the audience were somewhat alarmed to see a design of the star and orescent surmounted by a crown, which was attached to’ the left wing of the theatre, catch fire, and the flames were certainly considerable. Happily the adjacent material was not inflammable, for after the alarm had been raised full five minutes elapsed before any of the officials attempted to extinguish the fire. No water was available, but eventually the design was detached from its supports and allowed to bum itself out on the ground. The performance which is presented by the management of this theatre is certainly superior to the average performance witnessed in other Cairo musio-halls, and some of the turns’* were distinctly good. M. Charley, a lightning quick-change artiste, who made his debut in Cairo, was excellent; he portrayed various characters, and the rapidity with which he changed his costumes was marvellous. Want of space forbids us to give details of the programme, but the majority of the artistes were worthy of applause. We would, however, suggest to the management that though we appreciate them, we are at the same time somewhat tired of hearing the same artistes over and over again. They would also do well to provide programmes, and, as we suggested before, to so arrange the theatre that more than those who are favored with a front seat can witness the various performances.
EASTERN TELECRAPH C°. L™.
AVERAGE TIME occupied in transmission
of Egyptian telegrams from England to
Alexandria on Tuesday, 6th June, 1905.
OUTWARDS.
Between the hours of 10 a. m and 6 p. m.
(Cairo Imo)
MESSAGES HANDED IN AT
FROM 	The 	Postal
_____________________jay Tggi
H. M. H. K. London	16	38
I Liverpool	11	89
: M&nonester	12	—
Glasgow	18	58
Other Provincial Office*s—	42
LEGAL NOTES.
MIXED APPEAL COURT.
THE MENASCE ESTATE.
Yesterday, before the Mixed Court of Appeal, was heard the case relating to the division of the property left by the late Baron Moise de Menasoe. The litigants were his daughters, Mesdames Leon and Pollonais, his son Baron James, and his widow Baroness Mode Menasoe, nee Padou. *Other interpleaders were the heirs of Baron Elie de Menasce, and also Messrs. V. and C. Aghion. The case raised curious points of international law, and may be summarised in the point of knowing whether the heir of the owner of an estate is entitled to sue in the Mixed Tribunals for a division of the estate, without first establishing in the proper Consular Court, that he (or in this case she) is entitled, as heir, to part of the property. The case was argued cleverly by Ma Cuzzer, for the appellants, supported, by Mes. Colucci and La Pommeraye for the interpleaders, against Me. Padoa Bey for the defendant-widow, and Me. Lebiohn for the family of Elie de Menasoe. Me. Carton de Wiart was in the case for Baron James, who, however, had disposed of most of his rights to Messrs. Aghion since the judgment of first instance.
BEALE v. CASSAB.
The case of Beale u Cassab came on for hearing before the Appeal Court this morning. The appellant, a Cairo architect, was knocked off his bicycle in Cairo and seriously hurt by Mr. Cassab’s carriage. The Native Court condemned Mr. Cassab’s coachman for being on the wrong side of the street and driving furiously. Mr. Beale then sued Mr. Cassab for damages, but the Cairo tribunal, ignoring the finding of the Native Court, nonsuited the plaintiff on the plea that he must have been on the wrong side. Maitre Carton de Wiart appeared for the appellant, Maitre Oddi for Mr. Cassab. Judgment was reserved.
FRAUDULENT BANKRUPTCIES.
At the same sitting was heard the appeal of three bankrupt merchants called Daoud who had been condemned to imprisonment for fraudulent bankruptcy. The Court had kindly appointed ex officio three of the leaders of the Bar, Messrs. Padoa Bey, Colucci, and Mercinier, to defend the bankrupts. This kindness was generally supposed to be excessive on the part of the Court. Judgment on the appeal is to be given on the 14th inst.
Several cases of damages for accidents against the Cairo Tramway Company, the Khe-divial Mail Line, the State Railways, etc., were also heard at this silting.
THE LATE JUDGE GIACCONE.
This morning, at 9 o'clock, on the opening of the sitting of the Court of Appeal, the presiding judge, Mr. Moriondo, informed his colleagues of the Beneh and the members of the Bar of the Mixed Court of the death of Commendatore Giaccone, for so many years president of that Court. The demise of Commendatore Giaccone took place at Florence, where the lamented judge went to live on his retirement nine years ago. Judge Moriondo referred feelingly to the eminent qualities of the deceased, who had taken an active part in the international conferences extending from 1870 to 1875, when the foundation of the Mixed Court was discussed and the codes prepared. He was known as a thoroughly reliable judge, an upright man, and a sound authority in law. As a man, he was admirable in his private life and all who approached him became his friends. He is deeply mourned by his colleagues.
Me. Procureur-General Borchgrevink, in the name of the Parquet, joined in these words of praise and regret.
Me. Cuzzer, Batonnier of the Alexandria Bar, round whom were the other members of the Bar Council, also spoke in token of the high regard in which Comm. Giaccone was held, specially recalling his great kindness to the staff of the tribunals and to poor litigants. The sitting was then suspended for a quarter of an hour as a sign of mourning.
Comm. Giaccone had lived 25 years in Alexandria, first as consular judge for Italy, then as councillor, and afterwards president of the Court of Appeal He was a popular figure the Alexandria streets, where he drove
walked invariably dressed in a black frock coat and wearing a high hat. He had married a lady of the Zogheb family, a great-aunt of the present generation, and had thus strengthened his connection with the country.
The tact, and what might be called the diplomatic qualities, of the late President often prevented during the “eighties” serious friction between the authority of the Government and the Courts. In those days many questions relating to the management of then nances of the tribunals, etc., had not been settled and were open to discussion. About 1889 Comm. Giaccone had dreamed of amalgamating in a certain way the native and mixed tribunals, by submitting their decisions to the same Court of Appeal, where Europeans would have been in majority only in European cases. However, nothing came of the idea. When Comm. Giaoccone retired it was announced that he was about to be appointed Senator in Italy, but the nomination did not take place. Comm. Giaocone was 84 years of age; he was a de1 Roman Catholio.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Cunard S.S. "Pavia" arrived at liver* pool yesterday,
NOTES FROM PORT SAID.
EUROPEAN DIBS PROM PLAGUE.
(From our Correspondent).
Port-Said, Tuesday.
The Italian woman, who was isolated three day ago as a plague patient, died yesterday morning and was buried in the afternoon. The case has been officially recognised as plague, and the'house ' in which she was attacked is being carefully disinfected. It is a remarkable fact, however, that the customary funeral procession through the principal streets with band and mourners was permitted, in spite of the nature of the disease.
RUSSIAN. VOLUNTEER STEAMER.
Yesterday morning the Volunteer Fleet S. S. “Nijni Novgorod * arrived from the Canal with numerous Russian wounded on board. It will be remembered that the vessel was one of the first batch to go East, in the Character then of a transport. 	#
NAVAL NOTES.
H. H. S. “Abd el Mouneim” has arrived from Alexandria and is now moored in the Rive Asie. She is to prooeed to Red Sea ports in a day or so. _
H. M. S. “Thetis” sailed yesterday at noon for Malta and home to pay off. She has completed her long commissioo, and on leaving the harbour flew her pennant, saluting the shore battery as she got out to sea.
MINISTRY OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION.
THE SECONDARY CERTIFICATE
To the Editor op the Egyptian Gazette. Sir, —I have read in the “Gazette” of yesterday your article about the Secondary Education certificate examination of 1905 and the results therein obtained. My attention has been particularly drawn 'to your sympathy for the 122 private students of whom only 10 “satisfied the examiners. 1*
As I have been one of the ten private students who by a stroke of luck have “satisfied the examiners, ” I will be much obliged if you will allow me to explain in the “Gazette” the reasons for the Mure of so many private students. My wish will have been realised if my article is read by the authorities in the Ministry of Public Instruction. 	.
The very small percentage of successful private candidates does not imply in any way that private students are of a lower standard than the Government schools’ boys. I have known some of them who are by for more learned and better prepared than &e beat of the Government school boys. But the chief and paramount reason ior the failure of so many lies in the examination questions. The questions are not about the generalities and essential parts of the subject examined in, and the correct answers to these questions do not indicate a real preparation and a good grasp of the subject The questions are drawn from the Government school books (some of which may be catch questions), so that the one that does not study in those books, and does not attend the lectures of the Government teachers will, very improbably succeed, even if he has studied in the best books. As an example of this I may say that the Government book of physios is an elementary book of about 150 pages; I studied in a very good English book of physios of 650 pages, but strange to say I was not better off with some of the questions than the least student who had prepared in that 150 paged book. The Ministry should know that the examination is a public one open to all schools, consequently the questions should be found in all the books treating of the subject They should be good and useful questions whioh any candidate of any school can answer, otherwise it will be quite dear that the Ministry does not want anybody to pass the examination except those that go to its schools, study in its books, and attend the lectures of its own teachers, quite a singular way of unifying education in Egypt The questions in languages were not difficult this year, but the stumbling-blook was in the mathematics. Most of the questions in arithmetic were reasonable but some of the questions in geometry and algebra were very difficult. Indeed geometry questions have always proved a stumbling block to many, for the reason that they are all original exercises, some of them of great difficulty. In other countries some of the questions in geometry are on the propositions proved in the books taught, while others are original ones so that the candidate may be able (if he has really studied) to solve some of them; but when all the questions are original ones the student may in his nervousness not be able to solve any whatever.
Another remark on the questions of geometry and algebra is that the questions should not include difficult problems involving long and complicated formula) for the students are not in an engineering school; besides, even engineers themselves are not expected to retain all the formulae of •geometry and algebra in their memories. I may also add that the want of leniency on the part of the examiners in the correction of the papers is a merciless, crucible, where the hopes of many students are burned and evaporated. If a student understands the arithmetical problem, and uses the right method for its solution, will it be fair not to give him credit for it, if by chance he makes a mistake in addition or subtraction of numbers whioh lead to a wrong answer ? I heard a very famous mathematician in the East say that he did not look to the answer of the problem so much as to the method of its solution, which is the sure means of knowing the ability of the student
Sympathising again with my unhappy comrades and thanking you for the space given to my letter. —I am, etc,
"Successful Private Student ” Cairo, 6, 1905,
NOTES FROM CYPRUS.
HIGH COMMISSIONERS TOUR
(From our Correspondent).
Cyprus, June 2,
On the 30th ulto. his Excellency the High Commissioner, accompanied by his A. D. C., Lieut Ogle, left Nicosia on a twelve days’ tour in the Carpass. If the weather remains fine and not too hot, this visit to the N. E. part of the Island should prove very enjoyable. It will assuredly give much pleasure to the inhabitants of that district.
It is expected that the Government will move up to Troodos about the third week in June.
Among the English going on leave or returning home this week are the Chief Secretary, Capt. A. H. Young, C. M. G., and Lady Evelyn Young, Mr. and Mrs. E. R Maodonald, Mr. E. F. Lucie Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Percy Christian and Mrs. Ridings. Colonel Gore will act as Chief Secretary, his duties as Receiver-General being undertaken by the Registrar-General, Mr. G. Smith, who will also continue to act as Director of Agriculture.
Threshing is now in full swing. Reaping machines have been introduced. of late, but die old method of hand-pulling, or of cutting with a sickle, continues to prevail. In spite, too, of efforts to make- known by practical experiments the advantages of the threshing machine, the threshing floors still hold their own, and the primitive threshing boards are hard at work.
On and from the 19th ulto. the British
postal order system to Cyprus has been extended to include Egypt
A law just passed by the Legislative Council to “amend the law relating to the Ancient Monuments and Antiquities of Cyprus and to provide Museums” requires every person in possession of antiquities at the time of the doming into operation of the law to furnish
descriptive list of same to the Government within six months of that date. Any private possession may be compulsorily inspected from time to time by, Government representatives, and any antiquities not disclosed as above may be confiscated by the Government. A clause provides that any person failing to prove to the satisfaction of the Court that any antiquity was lawfully acquired by him or that it passed lawfully into his control, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to both such penalties, and the antiquity shall be confiscated. There is probably scarcely a single better-class house in the Island which does not contain few or many of such “anticas. ”
On the 25th ulto. the first consignment of snow arrived in Nicosia from Mount Troodos. No ice on a large scale is obtainable in Cyprus and only a very few small household ioe-making machines exist For pooling purposes snow is brought daily by carts from Troodos and sold at l1/2 cp. (3d. ) per oke.. The snow is caught in pits on the mountain side and there stored till required for use, but the quantity is small and lasts only for a month or two. Owing to the waste in transit,. it is necessary to order (and pay for) considerably more than is actually received and consumed. The Hospital of Nicosia is entirely dependent upon this as of refrigeration.
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
Lord and Lady Cromer will leave Cairo on Sunday next, to embark on the Bibby Line S. S. ‘‘Lancashire” on Monday at Port Said.
Sir F. R. Wingate Pasha will leave Cairo on Friday for Alexandria, and will embark for the Continent on Saturday.
The Sirdar paid a visit to the military hospital and school at Abbassieh on Monday.
Count Antoine de Zogheb, Danish Diplomatic Agent and Consul-General at Cairo, is having to-day en route for Carlsbad.
Captain A. R Harman, 2nd Battalion Rifle Brigade, leaves Cairo to-night for Khartoum, for duty there.
Lieut. C. M. Jennings, 2nd Battalion R Imiskilling Fusiliers, has received an extension of leave, from July 1 to 31.
Two months’ leave of absence has been grant* ed to Mr. C. Wiseman, Inspector of Arms Ordnance Department.
At yesterday’s meeting of the Quarantine Board, it was decided to promote and increase the pay of Mr. Horace O'DONNELL
Among the latest arrivals at the Savoy Hotel, Port Said, we notice: Dr. and Mrs. Wakeling, Mr. Clement Flower, Frau Brandeis, Mr. H. Bindemagel and family, Mr. C. H. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. Shaw-Hayler, Justinath Kritzel, Miss Williams, Dr. Veronoff, Comtesse d’Armardy, Prof. Dr. Schmidt and family, Mrs. Milward, Mr. and Mrs. MacDonald, Mrs. Riding, Mr. Lucie Smith, Sir John Rogers, M. A Sinadino.
LEGHORN (Italy. )
CHARMING SEA BATHING RESORT FOR SUMMER*
PALACE HOTEL.
On. al U>. 8amt ud mo« lmporfng HoW. in u,, Mu
n,, — ----  — —----------rif Hinimi
MM*